README.md, before:

# ChatBot

[![Lit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Lit-5865f2)](https://lit.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-TypeScript-blue)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Develop-Vite-747bff)](https://vitejs.dev)
[![Build](https://github.com/yugasun/chatbot/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/yugasun/chatbot/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

ChatBot is a chat robot, developed with web components. It can be used in any framework, such as Vue, React, Angular, etc.

## Feature

-   [x] [Lit Element](https://lit.dev/)
-   [x] 🌟 [Shoelace Web components](https://shoelace.style/)
-   [x] [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-   [x] [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) Next Generation Frontend Tooling
-   [ ] 🎨 [UnoCSS](https://github.com/antfu/unocss) - the instant on-demand atomic CSS engine (**Need bugfix for build version**)
-   [ ] 🌍 I18n ready
-   [x] [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
-   [x] [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
-   [x] [Airbnb Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
-   [x] [Commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint) Lint commit messages
-   [x] [Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli) The commitizen command line utility.

## Demo

[Live Demo](https://chatbot.yugasun.com/)

<img src="./demo/chatbot-demo.png" alt="chatbot" width="400"/>

## Usage

Install

```bash
pnpm install @yugasun/chatbot
```

For use in Vue, refer to: https://vuejs.org/guide/extras/web-components.html

```js
import '@yugasun/chatbot';
```

Then use it in vue template:

```html
<chat-bot></chat-bot>
```

To enable stream mode, you need to add the `stream` attribute to the `chat-bot` tag.

```html
<chat-bot stream></chat-bot>
```

## Develop

```bash
# 0. Clone project
git clone https://github.com/yugasun/chatbot

# 1. Install dependencies
pnpm install

# 2. Start develop server
pnpm dev

# 3. Build
pnpm build
```

## License

[MIT @yugasun](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: add vue and react demo

README.md, after:

# ChatBot

[![Lit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Lit-5865f2)](https://lit.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-TypeScript-blue)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Develop-Vite-747bff)](https://vitejs.dev)
[![Build](https://github.com/yugasun/chatbot/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/yugasun/chatbot/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

ChatBot is a chat robot, developed with web components. It can be used in any framework, such as Vue, React, Angular, etc.

## Feature

-   [x] [Lit Element](https://lit.dev/)
-   [x] 🌟 [Shoelace Web components](https://shoelace.style/)
-   [x] [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-   [x] [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) Next Generation Frontend Tooling
-   [ ] 🎨 [UnoCSS](https://github.com/antfu/unocss) - the instant on-demand atomic CSS engine (**Need bugfix for build version**)
-   [ ] 🌍 I18n ready
-   [x] [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
-   [x] [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
-   [x] [Airbnb Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
-   [x] [Commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint) Lint commit messages
-   [x] [Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli) The commitizen command line utility.

## Demo

[Live Demo](https://chatbot.yugasun.com/)

<img src="./demo/chatbot-demo.png" alt="chatbot" width="400"/>

## Usage

Install

```bash
pnpm install @yugasun/chatbot
```

Then import it in entry file:

```js
import '@yugasun/chatbot';
```

For Vue, refer to: [Vue Demo](./demo/vue)
For React, refer to: [React Demo](./demo/react)

To enable stream mode, you need to add the `stream` attribute to the `chat-bot` tag.

```html
<chat-bot stream></chat-bot>
```

## Develop

```bash
# 0. Clone project
git clone https://github.com/yugasun/chatbot

# 1. Install dependencies
pnpm install

# 2. Start develop server
pnpm dev

# 3. Build
pnpm build
```

## License

[MIT @yugasun](./LICENSE)
